Software Development Engineer I, Amazon Payments — IND, TS, Hyderabad
Job ID: 10472171
https://www.amazon.jobs/en/jobs/10472171/software-development-engineer-i-amazon-payments

DESCRIPTION

It's still Day 1 at Amazon IN Payments, and we're at the beginning of building out an
entire suite of rendering technologies that can standardize the way UX components
interact and their look and feel on Amazon Pay pages. PayUI is a greenfield initiative in
Amazon Pay org, offering a rare opportunity to build standardized UX components that have
to be reused across all Amazon Pay pages.

You will be part of a new team building a large scale tier-1 rendering platform that
supports as the skeleton for all the payment pages to depend, host and render on, in
Amazon Pay. This new system will be utilized by thousands of customers every day. You and
a team of developers will work through all phases of the project life-cycle, including
reviewing requirements, designing services that lay the foundation for the new technology
platform, building from the basic blocks of the new UX components and their interfaces,
developing and testing code, and delivering seamless implementations for our customers.
You will help define, design, prototype, and build these experiences. To achieve this, you
will collaborate closely with product managers, UX designers, Software developers and
multiple client teams.

Our team is looking for a seasoned engineer to design and build customer experiences that
span multiple customer use cases in Amazon Pay space. The ability to work within a
creative and positive team environment are key to the role.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

- 1+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
- Experience programming with at least one software programming language

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

- Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers.
If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the
application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process,
please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more
information. If the country/region you're applying in isn't listed, please contact your
Recruiting Partner.
